SentinelOne: add the EventID as an key (#23144)
demisto/content: Packs/SentinelOne/ReleaseNotes/3_0_3.md

#### Integrations
##### SentinelOne v2

> Fixed an issue where some context entries the was identified as duplication in ***sentinelone-get-events*** command .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new outputs to **sentinelone-get-events** command.
- Fixed an issue in **sentinelone-get-events** where some results were unified under the same key in the context, resulting in fewer context entries than expected.
```
